MobiSys 2025 Working PR (#112)
tock/tock-www: _pages/events/mobisys-2025/index.md

</tr>
<tr class="session">
  <td colspan="2" style="text-align: right;">
  <small><i>Chair:
  <a href="https://patpannuto.com">Pat Pannuto</a>,
  <a href="https://ucsd.edu">UC San Diego</a>
  </i></small>
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
  8:45
  </td>
  <td>
  (10m) Welcome, Intro to Tock, and Overview of the Day
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
  8:55
  </td>
  <td>
  (5m) Setting up your development environment
  <ul>
    <li>Get folks started on this.</li>
    <li>Work independently on these (high-latency, low-interaction) steps during the rest of the session.</li>
  </ul>
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
  9:00
  </td>
  <td>
  (45m) Introduction Lightning Talks
  <ul>
    <li>1 slide / person, 2 minutes</li>
    <li>Tell us a bit about who you are and what your research area or background is.</li>
    <li>Interactive at all?</li>
  </ul>
  </td>
</tr>
<tr class="break">
 <td>9:45</td>
 <td>(10m) Coffee Break</td>
</tr>
</table>

<table>
<tr class="session">
  <th colspan="2">[2hr] Session 1: Roots of Trust</th>
</tr>
<tr class="session">
  <td colspan="2" style="text-align: right;">
  <small><i>Chair:
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/katfox">Kat Fox</a>,

>   <a href="https://www.zerorisc.com/">ZeroRisc</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <a href="https://www.zerorisc.com/">zeroRisc</a>
```

  </i></small>
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
  10:00
  </td>
  <td>

>   (50m+10m) A Primer on Roots of Trust

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  (25m+5m) A Primer on Roots of Trust
```

(shrinking this per discussion today, since it sounds like additional hands-on time would be useful)

  <ul>
    <li>What is a RoT?</li>
    <li>Examples of RoTs you use already? (Directly, e.g. SecureEnclave; Indirectly, e.g. cloud)</li>
    <li>Top-Down: What does RoT provide platform, app developers? Why does mobile/edge computing care about RoT?</li>
    <li>Bottom-Up: What is required to act as a RoT? From HW? SW?</li>
    <li>Demo??</li>
    <li>Open challenges / concerns / problems for RoT / security ecosystem around them?</li>
  </ul>
  <ul>
    <li>Q&A</li>
  </ul>
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
  11:00
  </td>
  <td>
  (25m+5m) TockOS as firmware for RoT
  <ul>

>     <li>What is Tock (quickly; avoid re-hash of Session 0 Intro)? Who is using Tock as part of RoT solution today?</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <li>What is Tock? Who is using Tock in a RoT solution today?</li>
```

>     <li>What parts of "what defines a RoT" does Tock provide?</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <li>What components of a RoT does Tock provide?</li>
```

>     <li>What does Tock provide above and beyond bare metal / minimal RoT firmware?</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <li>How does Tock go above and beyond e.g. bare metal RoT firmware?</li>
```

>     <li>Understand trust boundaries, relationships? What "parts of Tock" are "parts of the RoT"?</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <li>What does Tock's security model look like, and how does that fit with a RoT's security model?</li>
```

>     <li>What does a mobile developer, edge device developer gain from RoT+Tock? Transition to hands-on component?</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <li>What can a mobile/edge device developer gain from learning about RoTs and Tock?</li>
```

  </ul>
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
  11:30
  </td>
  <td>

>   (30m) Interactive Session

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  (45m) Interactive Session
```

  <ul>

>     <li>Maybe: Turn nrf52840dk into a U2F token?</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <li>Warming up to Tock: writing your first app</li>
    <li>Protecting against malicious apps with Tock: app signing</li>
```

Reviewer 3: I might make this header a bit more RoT-specific. I might combine the old and new titles to get something like:

```Warming up to Tock as a RoT: Turn nrf52840dk into a U2F token```.

Reviewer 2: Sounds perfect! In that case, I think what we add to the Tock book could just be an addendum to the U2F tutorial introducing a small malicious application onto the U2F token, and then blocking it from loading using app signing?

(Could also be a great way to introduce Tock capabilities in action, but maybe that's too much at once.)

Reviewer 2: (lastly in case it helps, nit on `nRF52840 DK` capitalization)
